ASE Molecular Dynamics
======================
This example gives a more concrete demonstration of a realistic use case for
ConMan. Here the coordinator generates a series of systems using ase,  which are
then farmed out to the various workers. The workers subsequently perform molecular
dynamics simulations on said systems, and return the resulting trajectories.
Finally, the coordinator concatenates all trajectories and saves them to a
`smashing.xyz` file. The final output can be visualised using the command
`ase gui smashing.xyz`.


#####Notes
This code may take a while to run depending on the number of simulations per
worker and system specifications.

This code is intended only as an example and it is not recommended to run any
molecular dynamics simulations in this manner. Furthermore, very large files
such as the trajectories generated by molecular dynamics simulations should
be saved to a known location rather than transferred over sockets.

#####Warning
When running this code on a cluster with coordinator and worker running on different
nodes some changes must be introduced. First the address can no longer be
specified as `("", 12345)`. This is because `""` will resolve to different IP
addresses for the coordinator and worker. Instead the host name (`""`) should be defined
using `socket.gethostbyname(socket.gethostname())` this should then be either A)
printed out and manually and entered into the worker or B) written to a file that
can be read by the worker as input. Note that `socket.gethostbyname("")` is also
not valid as that will resolve to `0.0.0.0`.
